hi I'm Tony Flemming welcome to
Fleming's ultimate garage I just pulled
the hanging tag off of this car is a
2006 Porsche 911 the new 997 bites
February Oh 9 and this car here at
original window sticker which I have
with me about right around 80 mm and
truth the matter is this is really the
way you buy a Porsche
it's a low mileage car with some great
great options on top of it you can
always tell how well a car has been
taking care of whether the rims are all
chewed up whether the front end is
banged up whether the leather is warm
because people didn't care when they got
in so let's going to walk around a
little bit and I'll show you some of the
tell-tale signs of a car that maybe was
taken care of nicely this is the clear
bra and this is very nice because what
it does is it keeps up all the chips
away because it's just a film of plastic
and when these the film of plastic does
get chips you can peel that off and they
sell it as a kit and it goes right back
on they even put it over the mirrors and
it had a couple pieces here that I took
off that were a little bit chewed up and
it's worked out awesome this car here is
a upgraded s wheels and those are
factory Carrera wheels and just on the
window sticker alone they were 1500
bucks so you can imagine if you buy them
aftermarket they're around $4,000 this
also has a couple of interesting
features one of them I love the color
first off Porsche makes a great color
arctic silver and arctic silver
definitely helps the lines you know when
they came out with the 997 with a great
front end and the wider rear reminiscent
of the 993 body air-cooled cars I think
they did a great job let me show you
this a little bit of storage under the
front here so you you know you can
actually take these cars on a trip and
go somewhere they can be daily drivers
or considered daily driving exotics
because the truth of matter is you could
go to the track today
and drive this to work on Monday check
out all the room in here nicely finished
in detail original sticker still on the
hood so we know it's accident free
car has a clean Carfax you know it's
February oh nine scar stickers for
82,000 we're selling it for 49 and quite
honestly it's a great great car for the
money you know why pay a hundred grand
when you get it for
and no one would ever note that it looks
the same
let's take a peek inside some of the
things that you can't see inside that
this car has are things like has the
bi-xenon headlights which I love a great
crisp white light coming at you
it also has power seats with lumbar
which is very nice which is optional
seats are heated
this also has PASM which is Porsche
active stability management and that's
quite an expensive option and as part of
the Sport Package and I push the sport
button on this car and it changed the
whole suspension and everything it also
has the Sport Chrono Plus package which
adds a stopwatch on the center of the
dash and it changes the mapping of the
engine and throttle inputs so it's quite
the track car if it wanted to be it's
never been to the track but it's a it
could be if you wanted to it's
interesting that somebody would order
all these great features on the car
throw in the Bose sound system because
this has the upgraded digital bose sound
this is a Sport Chrono Plus package
others telling you about with your
stopwatch ten minutes this is a nice
system here they've made it very easy to
read and see and a great the bose sound
system is just killer
sorry I'll be listening music all day
anyway
you know the truth the matter is this is
almost exactly how I would order this
car if I wanted to get a brand new one
I like the heated seats in the winter I
like the power seats I like the lumbar
I love the Sport Chrono Package I love
this sport the PASM Package which is a
it's a big deal I mean the suspension is
spectacular it actually lowers the car
while you're driving changes the mapping
and gives you a different throttle
response so it's a quite a spectacular
feature that you get and it's not cheap
you know it's a couple grams from the
factory let's take a peek at the engine
compartment nicely finished this is not
really where you serve as a Porsche you
know the bosses are all service from
underneath and they're very nice because
it's completely flat underneath if you
look underneath this car it starts at
the front of the bumper and there's a
plates of plastic shields that are
screwed in all the way through the back
all the way to the back of the bumper
here to make it nice and smooth
underneath so there's no turbulence at
high speeds
nice little call out here it's 3.6
liters 325 horsepower it's got the
updated version of the Vario cam and
connect you give you two different types
of camshafts you know when we build race
cars we build them with the big lumpy
camshaft so they make a lot of
horsepower at higher rpms but they have
no throttle response down low with the
Vario cam which you get is you get the
best of both worlds you get the lower
throttle response at lower rpms and then
you get the high horsepower at higher
rpms so they've been able to come up
with a system to do that pretty cool
anyway this is a nice feature - it's a
speed activated rear wing I'll go ahead
and put that up for you so you can see
that
that way you can leave up if you want
but it comes up automatically a little
over 70 miles an hour and if you don't
want it up while you're driving at 70 we
can always put it down with the push
button on the dash the great feature
keeps the list keeps your rear end
planted to the ground you keep the car
from moving around how about we hear how
it sounds because that's one thing about
a Porsche if no other car sounds like
you can hear the chain drives in there
and they make a certain wine that no
other car does let's go ahead and start
it up
you know in closing we have the original
window sticker around 80 grand you can
buy it right in the 40s which makes it a
great deal that service records fresh
set of Pirellis all the way around the
clear bra nice unmarked nice well taken
care of car and this is the kind of car
I love to own and drive it's a
spectacular piece makes us proud here
with Fleming's ultimate garage we're
very proud to present this 911 to you
call us three oh one eight one six one
thousand